Mr. Gu is going to the construction site market
You can come with me. Okay.
The developer of this building went bankrupt
Unfinished buildings like this usually don't get picked up.
But get the latest news
It looks like a school district is going to be developed around here
In this way, his room for improvement will be greater
Exactly.
He's a big hit at tonight's auction
All the bosses are watching
If you want to shoot
Lucy and I need to do some preparation in advance
Don't worry, turn around first
Find a place to eat around here at noon
By the way, let me know the situation.
What do you mean?
I am afraid that the news of the key primary school is false
Usually people don't know about this kind of thing
It's always right to ask more
Mr. Gu, I appreciate your doing this.
Hold your breath
Ms. Yun, why did you break your promise?
If you don't want a divorce, just say it
No no no I want to leave
The sooner the better.
So you run that divorce settlement errand to my house
I'll go back and sign when I'm done.
I will stubbornly believe you again